[doc] Clarifies backup documentation with OADP (#352)
openshift-kni/lifecycle-agent: docs/backuprestore-with-oadp.md

  - secrets
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Depending on Red Hat's ACM configuration the `v1/secrets/open-cluster-management-agent/open-cluster-management-image-pull-credentials` object must be required to back up or not. 

> > Please, make sure if your multiclusterhub CR has `.spec.imagePullSecret` defined and the secret exists on the open-cluster-management-agent namespace in your hub cluster. If it does not exist, you can safely remove it from the `apply-label` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your multiclusterhub CR does not have `.spec.imagePullSecret` defined, and the secret does not exiss on the open-cluster-management-agent namespace in your hub cluster, you can safely remove it from the `apply-label` annotation.
```
